page1 = {Boksoondoga,
Fresh Hand-brewed
Rice Makgeolli.
Boksoondoga Makgeolli.
Pure. Non-pasteurized.
Hand-brewed. 
We proudly brew our rice wine
with the utmost dedication and care.
How to open 
1 Lightly shake the bottle and  
 open it at 45 degrees
2 Open and close the lid several times
3 Repeating this step helps 
 remove the carbonation
www.boksoon.com
}

page2 = {
    Making makgeolli with a mother’s care  
- that’s our mindset when we make Boksoondoga.
We use 100% domestic rice,  
by putting it in an old jar just like our mothers did  
to make the best for their families.
Natural carbonation is created as a gift from living breathing yeast during the 
long fermentation process.  
Boksoondogas unchanging methods stay true to time  
and flavor and true to our hearts.Boksoondoga Makgeolli
is a masterpiece.  
We make best with  
patience and true care.
03 About us
}

page3 = {
    Using the Korean hangari to carry our rice wine the way a mother 
carries a child, is one of the key secrets to the recipe passed down 
from our grandmother. This is the main reason why we only produce 
our rice wine in the traditional hangari. The hangari is sanitized by 
filling it up with rice straw, burning them, and leaving it to dry in the 
sun.
Just like a baby kicking in mother’s womb, our Boksoondoga Rice 
Wine in the hangari is alive and breathing. Our brewery is filled with 
the sound of fermentation, the breath of Boksoondoga Rice Wine 
that artificial fermentation cannot create; a gift from nature.A feast for the living,  
breathing yeast.
We stick to only the  
traditional method  
to make the best.
05 Our tradition
}

page4 = {
    Boksoondoga Rice Wine is a home-brewed 
liquor produced using traditional methods, 
fermented in the traditional Korean hangari, 
and brewed by using 100% newly harvested 
Korean rice.Natural carbonation is produced through the fermentation process  
with Korean traditional yeasts called ‘ Nuruk ’. It provides a rich and 
mild taste with a refreshing sensation like champagne.  
Unlike other Korean rice wine, Boksoondoga Rice Wine mixes evenly 
without shaking the bottle before opening because of the natural 
carbonation.

}

page5 = {
    Eonyang, Ulsan city.
We agonize over nature and people.
The ‘do’ in Boksoondoga means city,  
while ‘ga’ means house. These characters 
come together to express our desire to stay 
connected to the rural areas.
Eonyang, where our brewery is located,  
is a place of nature where the water is clear 
and the air is good. Making the nuruk directly 
with the village elders, we are realizing a 
society where neighbors live in harmony.Keeping in mind the old saying that the 
flavor of rice wine depends on the rice, we 
carefully select and use the best rice produced 
domestically.
The reason for using only 100% domestic rice 
is Boksoondoga’s commitment to a win-win 
situation with the community, where everyone 
benefits.
09 Social value
}

page6 = {
    Special care is needed when
opening Boksoondoga Rice Wine.
One of the things that make Boksoondoga Rice Wine so 
special is the abundance of natural carbonation, which is why 
you need to pay extra attention and care when opening the 
bottle. See and feel the sparkling taste with your own eyes and 
mouth... enjoy an experience only Boksoondoga can give.
Turn it upside down and shake gently 
to mix the settled sediment, then put 
it in the freezer for 10 minutes.Tilt the bottle 45 degrees, then open and 
close the lid several times slowly. Repeat 
until carbonation is totally released.After you've checked that completely 
carbonation has been removed, enjoy!1 2 3
기울여
뚜껑 여닫기
Boksoondoga’s design captures
the Korean culture and Jungsuh.
The curve containing the hand-brewed makgeolli and  
the white beauty inside is the beauty of the Korean culture, 
pursued by Boksoondoga.
The transparent bottle displays the natural carbonation,  
a product of traditional fermentation,  
as it is, mixing the makgeolli naturally while giving  
a simple visual effect.
The elegant curve expresses the delicate and elaborate  
touch of the craftsman. Boksoondoga has embedded  
the aesthetics of sincerity into the design.
※ Be careful as the strong carbonic acid may cause the lid to jump or the contents to spout.  
※ Even if opened without shaking, carbonic acid will be released, mixing the sediment.  
※ High temperature or external factors may cause the product to overflow.  
 Please be aware of the expiration date and storage instructions.11 How to open
}

page7 = {
    Following the 2012 Seoul Nuclear Security 
Summit, in May 2013, at the dinner at the 
presidential mission of the Blue House 
Boksoondoga was selected as the official 
toast owner. It has established itself as the 
representative alcohol of Korea.
Also, at the Milan World Expo in May 2015,  
it was introduced as a toast for the opening of 
the Korean Pavilion. Boksoondoga has raised 
the bar to spread the knowledge of Korean 
traditional food culture both inside and 
outside the country.Boksoondoga Rice Wine  
has taken its place as the drink 
that is representative of Korea
Universal exposition Milano 2015, Italia
2012 Seoul Nuclear Security SummitBoksoondoga is a 6th industry company. The 6th industry is based on 
tangible and intangible resources, and is all that exists in rural areas; 
agriculture, food, special product manufacturing and processing 
secondary industry and distribution sales, culture, experiences, 
tourism, service tertiary industries, etc. The 6th industry refers to 
activities that create new added value by linking these together.
Boksoondoga was designated as the excellent cultural product selected 
by Korea in the food sector in 2016. This excellent cultural product 
designation system designates the best cultural products that contain 
Korean cultural values, and attaches the K-ribbon mark in the shape 
of Hanbok (Korean traditional clothing). Systematic management 
and branding on these products create a “Korea Premium” through 
marketing. This system was initiated in November 2015 for anything 
that can represent the Korean culture, including cultural content, 
hanbok, crafts, traditional Korean food, and other food products. In 
addition, Boksoondoga was selected for GOOD DESIGN in Excellence 
in Design at the 2017 Good Design Awards hosted by the Ministry of 
Trade, Industry and Energy.
Boksoondoga is making great efforts to export overseas to promote 
the excellence of this traditional liquor. Boksoondoga has especially 
participated in various Japanese fairs and has established and secured 
export channels with local distributors. Since we began to export to 
Japan, exports have been increasing by more than 30% each year, while 
brand awareness is also steadily rising.
13 Awards
}

